Rabbit Colony Sim is a program that utilizes linked lists. The simulation is a linked list of
bunnies each with the following data:
  Sex: Male, Female (random at creation 50/50)
  color: white, brown, black, spotted (random at creation 25/25/25/25)
  age : 0
  Name : randomly chosen at creation from a list of bunny names.
  radioactiveVampireMutantNinjaBunny: true/false (decided at time of bunny creation 2% chance of true)

At program initialization 5 bunnies are created.
The program outputs each turns events.
The program prints a list of all the bunnies in the colony each turn along w/ all the bunnies details
Each loop iteration ages the bunnies 1 year.
So long as there is at least one male age 2 or older, for each female bunny in the list age 2 or older;
	A new bunny is created each turn. (i.e. if there was 1 adult male and 3 adult female bunnies, three new bunnies would be born each turn)
	New bunnies born are the same color as their mother.
If a bunny becomes older than 10 years old, it dies.

If a radioactive mutant vampire bunny is born then each turn it will change exactly one non radioactive bunny into a radioactive vampire bunny.
	If there are two radioactive mutant vampire bunnies two bunnies will be changed each turn and so on...)
	Radioactive vampire bunnies are excluded from regular breeding and do not count as adult bunnies
	Radioactive vampire bunnies do not die until they reach age 50.

When all the bunnies have died the program terminates.
If the bunny population exceeds 100 a food shortage occurs killing half of the bunnies (randomly chosen)
All console output is written to a .txt file.
The program runs in real time, with each turn lasting 2 seconds, and a one second pause between each announement.
User is asked at each turn whether or not they wish to initiate a bunny culling. If yes, colony will be culled.

///Added grid
Modified the program to place the rabits in a 20x20 grid. The rabbits move one space each turn randomly.
	Juvenile males are marked 'm', adults are marked 'M'.
	Juvenile females are marked 'f', adults are marked 'F'.
	Radioactive buniies are marked 'X' regardless of age or gender.

Modified the program so that radioactive mutant vampire bunnies only convert bunnies that end a turn on an adjacent square. They will convert bunnies on ALL adjacent squares each turn.
Modified the program so that new babies are born in an empty adjacent square next to the mother bunny. If no empty square exits then the baby bunny isn't born.
